Everytime he gets killed, he finds himself
alive again in the same bed.
What is happening?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to get through a movie titled: ARQ.
Be aware.
There are spoilers.
Now, let's begin!
Renton is awake in confusion.
Hannah, his ex-wife, is here with him.
He notices the time, which is 6:16.
Suddenly, The Bloc storms in, knocking him
out.
As he regains consciousness, he attempts to
flee and falls off the stairs, breaking his
neck to death.
Renton wakes up with the memory of him dying
down the stairs.
It is 6:16.
The Bloc bursts through the door.
Renton does not attempt to flee this time.
Netx, Renton is restrained on a chair.
Hannah is later dragged in and tied back to
back with Renton.
A man named Father demands the "scrips."
Renton recognizes Cuz, a body lying on the
floor, who actually is a Bloc's member but
later becomes Torus' agent.
Renton frees himself and Hannad by getting
scissors nearby.
Hannah asks Renton what is going on so far.
Renton reveals that it is Cuz who broke into
his house last night.
Cuz was sent by Torus to follow the ARQ (Arcing
Recursive Quine), a perpetual motion machine
built by Renton.
The machine that continues to run even when
there is no external source of energy.
In effect, the ARQ is the answer to the energy
dilemma.
Cuz was unaware that the ARQ is shielded by
a 20,000-volt electric field.
Cuz most likely touched the ARQ, which shorts
out and kills him.
Later, Renton attempts to attack the intruders.
However, he gets shot in the abdomen and dies.
Renton awakens with the combined memories
of the previous loops.
However, he has a slow reaction time and is
easily knocked out and dragged.
Renton and Hannah are bound.
Renton informs Hannah that he has been looping
as a result of the ARQ.
He describes Cuz to Hannah before she unmasks
him.
He also describes to her other intruders including:
Father, Brother, and Sonny.
From the news, this is a dystopian future
in which the world is polluted and the air
is unfit to breathe.
Torus Corporation is an evil empire that has
taken control of the rest of the world.
The Bloc is a rebel group that wishes to bring
down Torus.
This time Renton plans to gas the team dead.
He takes the help of Hannah and gives her
the cyanide canister.
He tells her to toss it in the vent and put
on a gas mask.
The ventilation system is activated by Renton,
but Hanna does not use the cyanide canister.
The invaders kidnap Hannah and use her to
persuade Renton to tell where the scrips are
hidden.
There are lots of scripts from Torus that
Renton hides in a safe.
When Sonny wants to kill Renton, Hannah interrupts
saying no.
Renton now learns that Hannah is part of the
Bloc.
Hannah’s code name is Mother.
Long ago, Renton and Hannad used to work for
Torus.
However, as Torus wants to steal ARQ for their
worldwar plans, Renton took back the ARQ and
some scrips from Torus to his hideout.
When Hannah leaves the room, Sonny shoots
Renton.
Renton wakes up with the cumulative memories.
Now he knows Hannah is in on it.
They are tied to the chair.
This time Renton doesn’t cut Hannah loose
from her chair.
He goes through the ARQ video logs and notices
the recordings it has been making of the previous
time loops.
He notices a recording of an event that hasn’t
happened yet.
The recording has Renton yelling “Listen
carefully.
Torus…
Hannah!” and then gets shot.
Hannah tells Renton that the Bloc has no interest
in the ARQ, they want only the scrips.
When Renton ran away with the ARQ and scrips,
Hannah was caught and tortured for a long
period of time by Torus.
She is then rescued by the Bloc.
Next, Hannah agrees to work with Renton as
long as he doesn’t kill the intruders.
They subdue the team and tie them up.
Renton wants Hannah to run away with him.
Hannah wants to stay and fight Torus with
the Bloc.
Renton refuses to give the scrips.
Hannah threatens to shoot the ARQ but Renton
makes Hannah shoot him on purpose.
Hannah is now aware of the previous loop.
Renton was the last person she remembers shooting.
They are tied up again.
Renton informs Hannah that they are trapped
in a time loop.
He then shows her the ARQ logs.
They argue about Bloc and Torus.
Hannah recalls from the lastest loop that
as Renton was shot, she was untying everyone.
However, she heard a gunshot after.
Renton is sure that Sonny shot her but Hannah
doesn’t trust it.
Now the two tie themselves back to their chairs,
but Renton forgets to tie his legs.
Hannah calls in the team and says she knows
where the scrips are.
Hannah also decides that Bloc is taking the
ARQ back with them.
Renton is tied and is unable to do anything
about it.
Sonny suddenly shoots everyone else and has
already noticed Renton’s legs were untied.
He reveals to Renton that he is also an agent
of Torus.
He calls for backup and asks Renton how he
can shut the ARQ down.
Renton refuses to comply, and is later shot
in the face by Sonny.
Renton and Hannah wake up.
Renton tells Hannah that Sonny is a Torus
mercenary.
After tying them up, Hannah tells Father to
give them 5 minutes alone.
They're both restrained.
Hannah frees Renton on purpose.
Then she calls her team in and sends Sonny
and Brother to look for Rentom.
She informs Father that Sonny is a mercenary
and they need to kill him.
Hannah explains about the time machine to
Father.
Meanwhile outside, Sonny knocks out Brother.
He then returns to Hannah and Father.
Sonny informs the two that Renton killed Brother.
A moment later, Sonny shoots Father.
Renton attacks Sonny from behind and kills
him.
Renton and Hannah decide to shut down the
ARQ – this will stop the time from looping.
They notice Father is still alive.
Just as Renton is reaching for a first aid
kit, Brother enters and shoots him, thinking
Renton is the cause of the casualties.
Renton and Hannah wake up.
They hear gunshots in this loop, but no one
bursts through the door.
This is due to Sonny's retention of the prior
loop.
Sonny has killed the rest of his squad in
advance.
Renton and Hannah talk about how people are
regaining their memories.
They learn that the individual who is the
farthest away from the ARQ will be the first
to gain memory from previous loops.
Renton came first, then Hannah, and now Sonny.
Hannah and Renton get near the ARQ and argue
about whether the Bloc or Torus should control
the ARQ.
They decide if Sonny gets the upper hand then
Hannah should destroy the ARQ with the kill
key – SKY.
The password is the date of their last meet.
It turns out Sonny pretends to be dead on
the floor in Cuz’s outfit.
Sonny gets up from the ground, pointing the
gun at Hannah.
Sonny gains the upper hand and calls for backup.
Renton now has no choice but to grab Sonny
and touch the ARQ, electrocuting them both
to death.
Renton and Hannah are both awake.
No one bursts through the door.
They walk down to the ARQ and listen in on
a chat.
Cuz has been prevented from touching the ARQ
by Sonny.
Cuz is still alive.
Sonny then shoots Father and Brother.
Meanwhile, Renton and Hannah lock Sonny and
Cuz in.
Renton uses the vent to throw in the cyanide
canister.
Sonny realizes that it is a cyanide smell.
Sonny drags the dead bodies of Father and
Brother to create a trap.
He kills Cuz too and puts him alongside the
dead bodies.
Hannah and Renton come in, seeing Ronny is
shot dead.
Again, they have an argument around using
the ARQ for the purposes of the Bloc.
Hanna throws something and it cracks the screen
behind Renton.
This reminds Renton about the recording he
saw earlier.
The one where he says “Listen carefully.
Torus…
Hannah!” and then gets shot.
They notice that the crack is different from
the one in the video.
They still don’t understand why that video
exists as they can’t remember that event
happening.
Hannah now notices the note in Father’s
mouth that reads SKY.
She falls for the trap Sonny sets.
Earlier, he puts a note in Father’s mouth
as bait and Sonny shoots himself.
She walks up to Father but steps on the blood
by mistake.
The blood conducts electricity from the ARQ
and kills her.
Sonny knew this would happen.
Renton doesn’t shut the ARQ, resulting in
the time looping on purpose to save Hannah.
Renton and Hannah wake up.
Father and Brother storm in.
Hannah stops them and explains that they are
in a loop.
Father admits having deja vu of being shot
by Sonny.
They wonder why Sonny has let them come up
to Renton and Hannah.
They learn that it is a trap.
Sonny and Cuz hold the four of them at gunpoint
and take them to the ARQ.
Sonny tortures Hannah, forcing Renton to give
the password.
It’s September19 – the date when Renton
and Hannah last meet.
Sonny gets Renton to disable the ARQ.
The lights go out for a moment, allowing Hannah
and Renton to escape.
The two leave the house.
The air is hard to breathe in.
They share an air mask.
Next, they reach a burnt line which Renton
believes is the boundary of the ARQ’s time
loop.
Renton thinks that the effect of the ARQ ends
at that boundary.
Renton wants Hannah to leave while he goes
back to kill Sonny and Cuz.
Hannah refuses and the two go back in.
The three confront each other.
Hannah pours some liquidized substance and
burns Cuz.
They return to find that the ARQ has been
restarted.
Sonny wants time to repeat itself because
he is unable to kill Renton.
Sonny and Renton get into a fight.
Hannah accidentally shoots and hits the screen.
Renton kills Sonny by slamming his face into
the spinning ARQ.
Renton and the blood splatters on the screen.
When checking the computer’s logs, Renton
soon learns that these loops have been going
on for thousands of times, not nine as they
thought.
Renton and Hannah decide to keep the time
loop going.
They are aware that they have failed in all
previous sequences.
They will wake up with no memory of these
9 loops if they allow time to loop again.
Renton suggests leaving themselves a video
message.
He records a video message “Listen carefully.
Torus…Hannah!
Torus found you.
Take the ARQ to the Bloc and trust Hannah!”
before he gets shot.
This time, Renton can make the recording longer.
A new loop begins.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!